The most difficult part is all my training would probably be being away
from my friends and family. Um, I'm a very, uh loving, caring, family
oriented person, so there interact my interaction with them daily.
Weekly monthly, however it may be, plays a lot into my my psyche,
so not being able to communicate with them as often as I like early
on played a big part of it was very difficult for me to, uh, um, like,
operate throughout training or conduct myself throughout training.
But it's a part of the job being in this career path. You spend days,
weeks, maybe even months without seeing you're seeing or being
able to converse with your family and friends. So as time goes on, you
learn to manage and you learn to deal with it.